Template code for A04
------------

Author: JhihYang Wu [jhihyangwu@arizona.edu]
Date: April 10, 2024

Executing program: simply open index.html using a modern browser and then click on choose files navigate to materials directory and select/upload one .js file and one .png file. the scene should render shortly you can play with the water height and reflection refraction ratio using the sliders below.

Description: this assignment mostly demonstrates how snell law can be implemented in fragment shader by querying a different texture coordinate based the normal of a wave, snell's law, water height, etc. Lighting is also applied through the dot product between the reflected direction (based on normal of water) and the sun's direction. I also made the wave a little more realistic by decreasing the amplitude linearly with respect to the distance from the center (radius).

For extra credit:
I added a slider for reflection/refraction ratio to see the effects of each.

Included files:
* materials/ -- a folder with one image in 2^n format and one scene with one billboard.
* a06.js -- main code that implements snell law
* index.html -- html file for viewing implementation
* m4.js -- WebGL dependency
* png.js -- PNG dependency
* style.css -- styles the html file
* webgl-utils.js -- WebGL dependency


PLEASE PROVIDE ANY ATTRIBUTION HERE**
* Demo: Demo is generated by a javascript code.
* The image is taken from webglfundamentals.org
* f-texture2.png is taken from https://www.pinterest.com.au/pin/pool-colours-albatross-swimming-pools--44965696254291239/
